docs: Rewrite query page (#16286)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/_index.md

- `=~` labels that are a regex-match to the log stream selector
- `!~` labels that are not a regex-match to the log stream selector

where the `~` character is used for regular expressions.

### Log pipeline

The optional log pipline may contain any combination of the following expressions:
- filters
- parsers
- formatters

#### Filter expressions

Filter expressions are used to look for a certain string or range of values within the log line or label.

For label filters, the following operators can be used:
- `==` or `=` for equality.
- `!=` for inequality.
- `>` and `>=` for greater than and greater than or equal.
- `<` and `<=` for lesser than and lesser than or equal.

`and` and `or` can also be used to chain operations for label filters.

For line filters, the following operators can be used:
- `|=`: Log line contains string
- `!=`: Log line does not contain string
- `|~`: Log line contains a match to the regular expression
- `!~`: Log line does not contain a match to the regular expression

#### Parser expressions

Parser expressions are used to easily filter logs that are in a standardized format, such as:
- JSON
- logfmt
- Regular Expressions

> - unpack

Reviewer: Did you leave out [pattern](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/query/log_queries/#pattern) for a specific reason?

Also, we could link to the sections in the Log Queries topic for each parser here.

In this example, the `json` parser is used to get the parameters `request_method` and `request_uri` and use them to filter log lines:

```
{$label_name=~"$label_value", job=~"$job", instance=~"$instance"} | json | line_format "➡️ {{.request_method}} {{.request_uri}} with HTTP status: {{.status}} "
```

#### Format expressions

Format expressions can be used to change the way lines (`line_format()`) and labels (`label_format()`) are displayed. Note that format expressions do not change the underlying source data, only the results that are returned by the query.

> The example above uses a `line_format()` function to rewrite the original log line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous example uses a `line_format()` function to rewrite the original log line:
```

```

to this much more readable line in the results:

```
➡️ GET /a/1413644634/alternative-to-balaji-quotes-hindi.html with HTTP status: 200 
```

## Types of LogQL queries

There are two types of LogQL queries:

- [Log queries]({{< relref "./log_queries" >}}) return the contents of log lines.

> - [Metric queries]({{< relref "./metric_queries" >}}) return number or vectors of numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Metric queries]({{< relref "./metric_queries" >}}) let you create metrics from logs.
```
